feat(curriculum): add email simulator workshop (#62100)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-email-simulator/6853f70470f45d9c280af659.md

---
id: 6853f70470f45d9c280af659
title: Step 40
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-40
---

# --description--

Now let's show the timestamp when displaying the full email.

Below the subject, print the received timestamp using `strftime` to format it as `'%Y-%m-%d %H:%M'`. Use the following format:

```py
Received: [date formatted as '%Y-%m-%d %H:%M']
```

# --hints--

> You should print the formatted timestamp using `self.timestamp.strftime('%Y-%m-%d %H:%M')`. Add `'Received: '` before it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should print the formatted timestamp using `self.timestamp.strftime('%Y-%m-%d %H:%M')`. Add `Received:` followed by a space before it.
```
